androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
expo/modules/filesystem/R.java
 expo.modules.filesystem.R
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$attr
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$color
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$dimen
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$drawable
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$id
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$integer
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$layout
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$string
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$style
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$styleable
 expo.modules.filesystem.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$color
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$dimen
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$drawable
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$integer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$layout
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$string
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$style
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/facebook/drawee/backends/pipeline/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$color
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$dimen
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$drawable
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$integer
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$layout
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$string
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$style
 com.facebook.drawee.backends.pipeline.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
com/facebook/fresco/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.soloader.R
org/unimodules/interfaces/camera/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.camera.R
com/facebook/react/R.java
 com.facebook.react.R
 com.facebook.react.R$anim
 com.facebook.react.R$attr
 com.facebook.react.R$bool
 com.facebook.react.R$color
 com.facebook.react.R$dimen
 com.facebook.react.R$drawable
 com.facebook.react.R$id
 com.facebook.react.R$integer
 com.facebook.react.R$layout
 com.facebook.react.R$string
 com.facebook.react.R$style
 com.facebook.react.R$styleable
 com.facebook.react.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
com/facebook/flipper/plugins/fresco/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.fresco.R$styleable
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
expo/modules/constants/R.java
 expo.modules.constants.R
expo/modules/securestore/R.java
 expo.modules.securestore.R
org/unimodules/interfaces/taskManager/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.taskManager.R
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
com/frontend/MainApplication.java
 com.frontend.MainApplication
 com.frontend.MainApplication$1
com/facebook/soloader/R.java
 com.facebook.soloader.R
com/facebook/imagepipeline/backends/okhttp3/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.backends.okhttp3.R
com/frontend/R.java
 com.frontend.R
 com.frontend.R$anim
 com.frontend.R$animator
 com.frontend.R$attr
 com.frontend.R$bool
 com.frontend.R$color
 com.frontend.R$dimen
 com.frontend.R$drawable
 com.frontend.R$id
 com.frontend.R$integer
 com.frontend.R$interpolator
 com.frontend.R$layout
 com.frontend.R$mipmap
 com.frontend.R$plurals
 com.frontend.R$string
 com.frontend.R$style
 com.frontend.R$styleable
 com.frontend.R$xml
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
org/unimodules/interfaces/barcodescanner/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.barcodescanner.R
expo/modules/splashscreen/R.java
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$anim
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$attr
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$bool
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$color
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$dimen
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$drawable
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$id
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$integer
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$interpolator
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$layout
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$string
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$style
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$styleable
 expo.modules.splashscreen.R$xml
com/bumptech/glide/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.R
 com.bumptech.glide.R$attr
 com.bumptech.glide.R$bool
 com.bumptech.glide.R$color
 com.bumptech.glide.R$dimen
 com.bumptech.glide.R$drawable
 com.bumptech.glide.R$id
 com.bumptech.glide.R$integer
 com.bumptech.glide.R$layout
 com.bumptech.glide.R$string
 com.bumptech.glide.R$style
 com.bumptech.glide.R$styleable
com/bumptech/glide/gifdecoder/R.java
 com.bumptech.glide.gifdecoder.R
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/nativememory/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.nativememory.R$styleable
expo/modules/lineargradient/R.java
 expo.modules.lineargradient.R
org/unimodules/apploader/R.java
 org.unimodules.apploader.R
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
org/unimodules/interfaces/imageloader/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.imageloader.R
org/unimodules/core/R.java
 org.unimodules.core.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
expo/modules/permissions/R.java
 expo.modules.permissions.R
 expo.modules.permissions.R$anim
 expo.modules.permissions.R$attr
 expo.modules.permissions.R$bool
 expo.modules.permissions.R$color
 expo.modules.permissions.R$dimen
 expo.modules.permissions.R$drawable
 expo.modules.permissions.R$id
 expo.modules.permissions.R$integer
 expo.modules.permissions.R$interpolator
 expo.modules.permissions.R$layout
 expo.modules.permissions.R$string
 expo.modules.permissions.R$style
 expo.modules.permissions.R$styleable
com/facebook/flipper/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.R
 com.facebook.flipper.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
com/facebook/flipper/plugins/network/R.java
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$anim
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$attr
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$bool
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$color
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$dimen
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$drawable
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$id
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$integer
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$interpolator
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$layout
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$string
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$style
 com.facebook.flipper.plugins.network.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/ui/common/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.ui.common.R
com/facebook/drawee/R.java
 com.facebook.drawee.R
 com.facebook.drawee.R$attr
 com.facebook.drawee.R$color
 com.facebook.drawee.R$dimen
 com.facebook.drawee.R$drawable
 com.facebook.drawee.R$id
 com.facebook.drawee.R$integer
 com.facebook.drawee.R$layout
 com.facebook.drawee.R$string
 com.facebook.drawee.R$style
 com.facebook.drawee.R$styleable
expo/modules/application/R.java
 expo.modules.application.R
androidx/sqlite/db/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.R
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
org/unimodules/interfaces/permissions/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.permissions.R
expo/modules/errorrecovery/R.java
 expo.modules.errorrecovery.R
expo/modules/sqlite/R.java
 expo.modules.sqlite.R
com/swmansion/gesturehandler/react/R.java
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$anim
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$attr
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$bool
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$color
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$id
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$integer
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$layout
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$string
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$style
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.gesturehandler.react.R$xml
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager2/R.java
 androidx.viewpager2.R
 androidx.viewpager2.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager2.R$color
 androidx.viewpager2.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager2.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager2.R$id
 androidx.viewpager2.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager2.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager2.R$string
 androidx.viewpager2.R$style
 androidx.viewpager2.R$styleable
com/facebook/fbcore/R.java
 com.facebook.fbcore.R
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/ashmem/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.ashmem.R$styleable
com/facebook/imagepipelinebase/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$attr
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$color
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$dimen
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$drawable
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$id
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$integer
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$layout
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$string
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$style
 com.facebook.imagepipelinebase.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
org/unimodules/interfaces/font/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.font.R
com/facebook/fresco/stetho/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.stetho.R$styleable
com/facebook/nativefilters/R.java
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$attr
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$color
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$dimen
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$drawable
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$id
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$integer
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$layout
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$string
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$style
 com.facebook.nativefilters.R$styleable
org/unimodules/interfaces/constants/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.constants.R
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
androidx/recyclerview/R.java
 androidx.recyclerview.R
 androidx.recyclerview.R$attr
 androidx.recyclerview.R$color
 androidx.recyclerview.R$dimen
 androidx.recyclerview.R$drawable
 androidx.recyclerview.R$id
 androidx.recyclerview.R$integer
 androidx.recyclerview.R$layout
 androidx.recyclerview.R$string
 androidx.recyclerview.R$style
 androidx.recyclerview.R$styleable
com/facebook/fresco/memorytypes/simple/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.memorytypes.simple.R$styleable
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/android/installreferrer/R.java
 com.android.installreferrer.R
androidx/sqlite/db/framework/R.java
 androidx.sqlite.db.framework.R
org/unimodules/interfaces/filesystem/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.filesystem.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
org/unimodules/interfaces/sensors/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.sensors.R
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
com/swmansion/rnscreens/R.java
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$anim
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$animator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$attr
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$bool
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$color
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$id
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$integer
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$interpolator
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$layout
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$plurals
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$string
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$style
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.rnscreens.R$xml
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/cardview/R.java
 androidx.cardview.R
 androidx.cardview.R$attr
 androidx.cardview.R$color
 androidx.cardview.R$dimen
 androidx.cardview.R$style
 androidx.cardview.R$styleable
com/frontend/BuildConfig.java
 com.frontend.BuildConfig
com/frontend/generated/BasePackageList.java
 com.frontend.generated.BasePackageList
com/facebook/imagepipeline/nativecode/R.java
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$attr
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$color
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$dimen
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$drawable
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$id
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$integer
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$layout
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$string
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$style
 com.facebook.imagepipeline.nativecode.R$styleable
expo/modules/imageloader/R.java
 expo.modules.imageloader.R
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$attr
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$bool
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$color
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$dimen
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$drawable
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$id
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$integer
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$layout
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$string
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$style
 expo.modules.imageloader.R$styleable
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/lifecycle/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.R
io/nlopez/smartlocation/R.java
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$attr
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$color
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$drawable
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$id
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$integer
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$string
 io.nlopez.smartlocation.R$styleable
expo/modules/font/R.java
 expo.modules.font.R
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
com/frontend/ReactNativeFlipper.java
 com.frontend.ReactNativeFlipper
 com.frontend.ReactNativeFlipper$1
 com.frontend.ReactNativeFlipper$2
 com.frontend.ReactNativeFlipper$2$1
expo/modules/keepawake/R.java
 expo.modules.keepawake.R
com/swmansion/reanimated/R.java
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$anim
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$attr
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$bool
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$color
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$dimen
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$drawable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$id
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$integer
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$layout
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$string
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$style
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$styleable
 com.swmansion.reanimated.R$xml
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/frontend/MainActivity.java
 com.frontend.MainActivity
 com.frontend.MainActivity$1
com/google/android/material/R.java
 com.google.android.material.R
 com.google.android.material.R$anim
 com.google.android.material.R$animator
 com.google.android.material.R$attr
 com.google.android.material.R$bool
 com.google.android.material.R$color
 com.google.android.material.R$dimen
 com.google.android.material.R$drawable
 com.google.android.material.R$id
 com.google.android.material.R$integer
 com.google.android.material.R$interpolator
 com.google.android.material.R$layout
 com.google.android.material.R$plurals
 com.google.android.material.R$string
 com.google.android.material.R$style
 com.google.android.material.R$styleable
 com.google.android.material.R$xml
com/facebook/fresco/flipper/R.java
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$attr
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$color
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$dimen
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$drawable
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$id
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$integer
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$layout
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$string
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$style
 com.facebook.fresco.flipper.R$styleable
expo/modules/location/R.java
 expo.modules.location.R
 expo.modules.location.R$attr
 expo.modules.location.R$color
 expo.modules.location.R$dimen
 expo.modules.location.R$drawable
 expo.modules.location.R$id
 expo.modules.location.R$integer
 expo.modules.location.R$layout
 expo.modules.location.R$string
 expo.modules.location.R$style
 expo.modules.location.R$styleable
com/facebook/react/PackageList.java
 com.facebook.react.PackageList
org/webkit/androidjsc/R.java
 org.webkit.androidjsc.R
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
com/facebook/nativeimagetranscoder/R.java
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$attr
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$color
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$dimen
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$drawable
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$id
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$integer
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$layout
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$string
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$style
 com.facebook.nativeimagetranscoder.R$styleable
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
org/unimodules/adapters/react/R.java
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$anim
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$attr
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$bool
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$color
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$dimen
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$drawable
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$id
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$integer
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$layout
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$string
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$style
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$styleable
 org.unimodules.adapters.react.R$xml
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
org/unimodules/interfaces/facedetector/R.java
 org.unimodules.interfaces.facedetector.R
androidx/room/R.java
 androidx.room.R
 androidx.room.R$attr
 androidx.room.R$color
 androidx.room.R$dimen
 androidx.room.R$drawable
 androidx.room.R$id
 androidx.room.R$integer
 androidx.room.R$layout
 androidx.room.R$string
 androidx.room.R$style
 androidx.room.R$styleable
expo/modules/updates/R.java
 expo.modules.updates.R
 expo.modules.updates.R$anim
 expo.modules.updates.R$attr
 expo.modules.updates.R$bool
 expo.modules.updates.R$color
 expo.modules.updates.R$dimen
 expo.modules.updates.R$drawable
 expo.modules.updates.R$id
 expo.modules.updates.R$integer
 expo.modules.updates.R$layout
 expo.modules.updates.R$string
 expo.modules.updates.R$style
 expo.modules.updates.R$styleable
 expo.modules.updates.R$xml
